Raph!
[Filo grunts]
You ready?
Yeah.
[Filo] Softly...
[wheels rattling]
Knowing Keel,
I bet he’s upset that he
didn’t get to go with us.
I left Eclair and the old woman
in charge of dealing with him.
They’ll find a way
to convince him.
Just before we left,
she told us to try our best
to have some fun for them.
That was nice of her.
[Filo gasps] Look! Look!
[peaceful music playing]
[Rishia and Raphtalia sigh]
Oh! Raph! Raph!
[waves lapping]
[birds chirping]
[footsteps]
[yelps]
[whimpers]
Filo!
Raph?
[moans]
How come I can’t fly anymore?
You were only able to fly
back in Kizuna’s world
because you were
a humming fairy.
It’s such a shame
that filolials can’t fly.
[sad] Raph.
Ohh.
Then why don’t we
go back to Kizuna’s world
to visit or something?
[Naofumi]
’Cause it’s impossible.
I wonder how Kizuna’s doing.
I’m sure she’s fine.
If I had to take a guess,
I bet she’s fishing too.
[Rishia grunting]
You should have learned
some survival skills
from Kizuna when you
had the chance, Rishia.
[yelps] Yes, I know.
I was just thinking
the same thing too.
I’m guessing something
like starting a fire
would be child’s play
for Kizuna.
- [scraping]
- [giggles]
What’s wrong?
I was thinking about
how when my level
went back down to one
and I shrank...
- [sighs]
- how much fun we had
picking out all of those clothes
in Mikakage.
Oh! Yeah, I remember that.
[laughs]
[both laughing]
Huh?
[street chatter]
First off, let’s get you guys
some armor and clothes,
’cause your defense
and fashion sense
are both really
in need of a buff.
- [sighs]
- [grumbles]
[all sigh]
[peaceful music playing]
They’ve got Western
and Eastern-style weapons.
If we’re planning on fitting in,
then Eastern is by far
the better choice here.
[Naofumi sighs]
[sighs]
Hmm.
Um...
What are you doing, Raphtalia?
[yelps]
Oh, wow.
I had no idea they sold clothes.
I thought it was just armor.
[Raphtalia] Look at them all.
I wish I could try on
as many as I wanted,
but I don’t know
whether or not I can.
[Kizuna] Hmm. You seem
pretty into this one.
Hmm. Well, you are a girl,
so it only makes sense
you want to look good. Hmm?
Eh?
Oh!
[chuckles]
Wh-What’s going on?
Oh, nothing.
Well, for now, at least.
But in a few seconds,
I’m gonna help you pick
the perfect outfit
that’s guaranteed to impress.
[gasps]
K-Kizuna?
Hmm.
[Kizuna] Come on!
Help me dress her, Rishia!
Eh? Dress her?
- [scuffling]
- [Kizuna] That’s it, Rishia.
Hold her right there.
[Rishia] Y-You mean like this?
[Kizuna] No! It’s gotta
be tighter than that!
- [grunting]
- B-But it hurts!
[Naofumi] Hmm?
Ta-da!
You look like you could be
a foreign princess!
Why do I get the feeling that
this isn’t meant for combat?
Well, right now, it isn’t.
But all we gotta do
is grab it like this
and pull it up!
[squeals]
Forget combat!
That’s just inappropriate!
[sighs] Come on.
Are you kidding?
Naofumi is totally the type
of person to go for that.
[both] You think so?
Next outfit!
This is the "samurai
protecting her home
from foreign barbarians" style.
[Rishia] Samurai?
Sorry, but it’s too heavy.
I should have expected that.
Next!
Traditional maid style!
[Rishia] You look adorable!
Isn’t this
more a uniform for a servant?
[Kizuna] Next!
[Rishia gasps]
This would be great for playing
in rivers, wouldn’t it?
W-Wait. Why am I
changing clothes?
Can we stop messing around now?
[Rishia] Oh, that’s great!
[Kizuna] Yes, a combination
of cuteness and mobility
with a healthy pinch
of harmless eroticism.
- [sighs]
- I think it’s perfect!
[chuckles]
You think so?
’Cause I really like it!
[Kizuna] All right!
That settles it, then.
I wouldn’t have been able
to choose this without you two.
- Thank you!
- Oh, please.
You don’t have to thank me.
All I did was help you
get dressed here and there.
Let’s keep our fingers crossed
that Naofumi likes it.
[gasps] Mm...
- yeah.
- [chuckles]
[peaceful music playing]
[Kizuna] Check it out.
You all look great.
[Naofumi] Are you sure
you don’t need any new items?
I’ll manage with what I’ve got.
But that haori of yours
is a total mess.
It is?
Well, Glass gave it to me,
so I wanted to keep it.
Oh. Sorry.
Just forget I said anything.
Master Naofumi,
what do you think about this?
Does it look good on me?
Yeah, it looks real good.
And you kinda look
like a ninja girl, Rishia.
What’s a ninja girl?
[gasps] Master Naofumi,
if you had to choose
between all of us,
who do you think
has the best outfit here?
That’s easy.
Since mine has
the highest defense stat here,
I think it’s obvious
which one is the best.
[all moan]
[sighs]
Man, I hate to say it,
but Naofumi’s
about as dense as a rock, huh?
[birds chirping]
[Kizuna] Even so...
it doesn’t seem like Raphtalia
minds all that much.
I don’t know.
I can’t figure out
what’s going on
between those two.
[Yomogi] Oh, I see.
So the Shield Hero and
the Katana Vassal Weapon Hero
have an extraordinary
relationship.
I wouldn’t say extraordinary,
but there’s definitely
something to be found there.
Oh, I’m sorry, Yomogi.
We’re supposed to be fishing,
but I’m over here
babbling away.
- [chuckles]
- [Chris squeals]
Please. You’re working so hard
to repair relations between
Ruware and the other nations
that I hardly see you.
I’m just thankful
I get some time with you.
[chuckles] It’s hardly work
if I enjoy it, right?
If anything, I’d actually like
to hear more of your stories,
if you don’t mind.
Oh, really? If you say so.
As long as I’m not boring you.
So then, can you
tell me any stories
about your time back
in the Infinite Labyrinth?
Huh?
I heard being sent there
was a death sentence,
since no one’s ever escaped.
But you were trapped there
for many years
and still managed to survive
all by yourself, right?
Well, yeah. I guess I did.
Time flies, huh? Hmm.
So what was it like in there?
I mean, I can’t even
begin to imagine
what life must have been like
in the Labyrinth.
[squeals]
[waves crashing]
[music playing]
You’re kidding me.
I’m supposed to stay here
the rest of my life?
L’Arc, Therese...
and Glass.
[grunts]
- [yells]
- [screams]
- [grunts]
[yelling]
I refuse to stay
a prisoner forever!
There has to be
an exit somewhere!
I’ll look everywhere I can.
Wherever it is,
I will find it!
But before I do that,
I gotta try and find some food.
Maybe I can fish.
There are fish, right?
All right!
[peaceful music playing]
Now I just need some fire.
Time to get a little creative.
[grunts]
Should I cook it
right over the heat?
Or maybe I should steam it.
Eh?
[blows]
Maybe fish stew is the move?
Eh, I’d need to make
a broth too, though.
[groans]
How about I cook it
in a salt crust?
I can do anything with it
now that I’ve got fire.
[owl hoots]
I’m sick of this.
Solo camping sucks.
Where’s the fun in having the
same kind of food every night?
I’m done with this!
I’m getting out of here!
[chuckles]
If I row out to the horizon,
I might just be able
to find the exit.
[thump]
[gasps] Eh?
[groans]
[thump]
What is this? Does the ocean
just stop here or something?
[groans] Great.
Now what do I do? [gasps]
[groans]
Guess I don’t have a choice.
[mellow music playing]
Even if I stew or fry them,
they still
don’t taste that good.
[sighs]
[birds screeching]
[grunting]
[wails]
Eh?
Maybe I do just need
to add some seasoning to it.
I know I could always
get salt if I wanted it
by boiling seawater...
but it’s so boring.
"No! If I’m willing
to kill myself,
I should at least be willing
to make some salt."
I guess that makes sense, but...
All right, all right! Relax.
Just stop giving me
that look, will you?
I’ll give it a try, okay?
Please don’t be gross.
[peaceful music playing]
[laughs]
Just adding the salt
before cooking it
makes it look delicious.
It’s good!
It’s really good!
Does just adding salt
make this much of a difference?
Look at that smug face of yours.
Okay, I admit it.
You were right.
I wanna try making
even more stuff,
sweet stuff and spicy stuff!
[laughing]
[humming a tune]
Hmm?
[energy surges]
[gasps]
[panting]
When I saw the light, that
meant Naofumi and the others
had fallen from the sky.
Time stopped standing still
and started moving again.
Or that’s how it felt,
at least.
[chuckles]
And that’s the end
of that story.
[Chris squeals]
So it’s thanks to your partner
you survived
several years in there.
I guess it would have
been unbearable all alone.
My partner?
[Chris chirps]
The ball attached to the stick,
with the face on it.
[gasps]
[grunts]
You didn’t take
your partner with you?
You left him there?
Um, well, you see...
it was just a ball
on a stick, so, um...
Yes, but that ball was to you
what Kyo was to me.
I guess that makes sense.
[gasps] Wait, what?
I don’t know why, but lately
when I try to remember
Kyo’s face, I can’t.
[sighs]
It’s strange, isn’t it?
We were together
ever since we were little.
Yet when I try to think of him,
I only see his face
in his last moments,
and I can’t bear
thinking of it.
I know that it must be tough,
but try to think
of the fun memories you had.
[sighs]
What do you mean by that?
You two were friends, right?
So just think back
to all the times
you were happy with him
or had fun with each other.
[sighs]
There was this one time before
Kyo traveled to another world
in hopes of controlling
the Spirit Tortoise.
I was in his lab
helping him out
with something
that he was working on.
I just wanted
to be of use to him.
And then, one day--[laughs]
- Eh?
- [chuckles]
One day, he came over to me
with his face pale as a ghost.
[laughs]
And his eyes were like this!
I asked him what was wrong,
and he asked back,
"Yomogi, where are my glasses?"
Get it? [chuckles]
Because his glasses
were right there
in the middle of his face
the entire time!
- [squeals]
- I know I should have
just told him
that they’re on his head
but I’ve never seen him
look so frantic
about something before.
I could hardly hold it in
watching him run around
looking for them! [laughs]
But just before
I busted out laughing,
he managed to find them
on his head!
[laughs]
If only you could have seen
the look he had on his face.
[laughs]
And do you know
what he said he realized it?
He looked at me and said,
"Come on. You should
have said something."
[laughing]
It was several months later
that he ended up
going to the world
with the Spirit Tortoise.
- [Kizuna sighs]
- [chirps]
Looking back on everything,
I think that those
were the last fun moments
I can remember having with him.
Thank you, Kizuna.
Thanks to you, I can remember
his face with a smile.
[Kizuna chuckles]
We ought to get going.
If we’re late,
Glass and the others
will come looking for us.
I know, right? And we’ve
got one more job to do.
[grunts]
[laughs]
[Naofumi] Stop it, Filo!
[Filo] Aww! It’s fine, Master!
Trust me!
This time, I’m sure I can fly!
You can’t fly anymore!
You’re a filolial, remember?
[Raphtalia] That’s right, Filo!
If you’re by yourself,
you can jump across,
but you can’t with the wagon
hooked up to you!
Jump across?
I’m sorry, Filo,
but jumping and
flying like a humming fairy
are two completely
different things.
Aww!
[groans]
I’m sorry, Master.
I’ll just take
the long way around.
[wheel rattles]
This stinks.
I wish I could fly again.
[Naofumi] I know,
but in this world,
you just can’t, okay?
If only Ost were here.
She’d be able to help.
Oh, that’s right! I forgot!
If she wanted to, Ost would be
able to use her gravity magic
to make both Filo
and the carriage
float like they’re flying!
That’s right!
I can just imagine
her smiling
and watching with us.
[laughs]
[both laugh]
Remember when she’d
try to be subtle
and say things
she thought weren’t obvious,
but were actually
the total opposite?
And it ended up
just making everything worse?
Uh...
[gasps]
Hold on.
Rishia, you can’t
talk about that!
[chuckling]
[insects chirping]
[sighs]
Um, Ost...
What is it, Raphtalia?
Do you mind
if I ask you something?
Not at all! Please ask me
anything you’d like.
What exactly does it mean...
to get intimate?
[Rishia spits]
[coughing]
[Ost] Hmm. Well...
well...
"To get intimate"?
What’s that mean?
Ost said that when she was
giving advice to Rishia.
I guess I just didn’t
understand what she meant.
Oh, yes, I remember that!
I did give her advice
on getting intimate earlier.
[Rishia squeals]
Ost, please!
[Ost chuckles]
You see, Raphtalia,
when I said to "get intimate,"
I meant--
Agh! No, what are you doing?!
I meant don’t tell her, Ost!
Oh? You did?
It’s okay, Rishia. I’ll be fine.
Eh?
I am Master Naofumi’s sword.
I can accept anything,
no matter what it may be.
Yeah, I wouldn’t be
so sure about that.
[Ost] Okay,
I’ll tell you in secret, then.
- [gasps]
- Whisper,
whisper, whisper, whisper...
- [Rishia gasping]
- whisper, whisper, whisper...
whisper, whisper...
[Rishia]
This isn’t my fault, okay?!
[Ost] And that’s how it works.
[Raphtalia] Huh?
- You do what with his what?
- [squeals]
- I don’t understand.
What is his "thing"?
And what do I do with it?
[groans]
It’s not fair you’re
only telling Raphtalia!
I want to be in the know too!
[Rishia] Well,
if Raphtalia doesn’t get it,
then I’d say it’s
probably safe to tell Filo.
Whisper, whisper, whisper...
[Filo] Hmm?
You told her to try
and mate with Master?
- [gasps]
- Did she say, "Mate"?
Ost, just what
did you tell Rishia
to do with Master Naofumi?!
[Ost] Oh, dear. I guess you
figured it out too, Raphtalia.
I didn’t figure out anything!
I mean, I didn’t,
but I kind of did!
- Stop it, already!
- [chuckling]
Can we please
talk about anything else?
- Maybe I need to go into...
- Hey, are you even listening...
- ...a little bit more detail...
- ...to me, Ost?!
[Raphtalia]
I-I think I’ve heard plenty.
[chuckles] I’d be
more than happy to listen.
No! Filo, it’s indecent!
How is it indecent?
Is mating with someone
inappropriate?
Uhh! Well...
I don’t really know.
No, it’s not.
It’s a wonderful thing, Filo.
But when I said it, it was
in an indecent sense, though.
[Raphtalia] I don’t know
what’s right anymore.
And what does
"what with his what" mean?
Please, I’m begging you!
Stop it!
[Ost] Oh, my! [laughs]
[Rishia] You’re the only one
laughing about this, Ost!
[Ost laughs]
[Raphtalia] Our adventure
was a crazy one,
but it really was fun.
[Rishia] All I remember
is being scared to death
the entire time!
[Naofumi] What are
the three of you
talking about back there?
[Filo] Um, you and I, Master,
according to Ost,
are going to--
[Raphtalia] Stop it!
[Filo] Huh?
[wind blowing]
Well, we finally made it.
We’re here, Ost.
Are you guys ready?
Yeah.
Yeah!
Raph!
[gasps]